---
layout: post
title: "Kampala"
date: 2014-10-14 16:13
comments: true
published: false
categories: 
---

As I was waiting for my work permit for ZA, I was suddenly told "Kampala has lax work permit regulations, you can just travel there directly to get started and then apply once you’re there, you don’t have to wait for the work permit to come first like in South Africa.” Ironic thinking back on that now, as work permit problems are what eventually got me kicked out of the country (I’ll get to that later in the post :) .)

Because the assignment came as a surprise, I didn’t have many expectations of Kampala when I first arrived. But I’ll say that I probably, at least on some subconscious level, had an image that Kampala would have people of lower ability and education. I soon found out this was clearly incorrect in terms of the TW office, we had some amazing people there who were not only technically savvy, but very socially capable (much more socially apt on average than TWers I’ve met in the U.S., imho)

One thing that surprised me about the people in Kampala is their humility. It wasn’t the culture I expected, but I found them to be a very humble group.

I felt a lot of the Ugandans I met had an amazing way of being extremely smart and effective, tempered with a level of realism and ambition. Realism maybe due to all the barriers they had to overcome in their life that may have been insurmountable and forced them to find ways around, instead of directly through them). Ambitious because, well, unambitious people would never have made it that far. It’s my opinion that a relatively dumb person with enough money from their parents thrown into their education (I may be a clear example of this) is able to get surprisingly far. Kind of like a 747 vs a glider - 747’s go 1000’s of miles all the time, but you can only get one if you have a few billion USD handy. A glider though, pretty amazing if one is able to make it > 1000 miles - means it’s built really well, and that the pilot really fought to make it that far.

They had a **very** close office, and I had a feeling that I was part of a special insider group while I was there, which is something I now think every office should have. It was easy to open up to people, and have them open up to me. It was easy to ask questions, and give frank answers. Everything just seemed to be...easier.

I feel a lot of the problems in bigger offices 

frankly expected to find an office
